This is a tool built with python that locates on the screen occurrences of UI parts such as the health bar of the player and Metins. It's possible to use this in any server and you shouldn't get banned as long as you  don't leave it running 24/7. There's no code injection or memory fuzzing. It simply takes screenshots and based on the current state makes the decision to continue farming or to use skills and pots. There are some costum functions build for mass book reading and etc but this ones you'll have to manually put the items in a certain place of the screen (uses static positions)!

If you're just beggining please look at SimpleBot.py! This script needs only a few screenshots: hp bar, metin hp bar (only a distinct part of it is necessary to check it's still alive). The range of HSV color values used to destinguish metins was used, over comparing the text on top of metins, because the new metin server I'm playing only showes the name on a single stone. For this reason I modified a project that is already on github (HSV-Color-Range-Calculator) to allow you to tune the mask!

# State of the project
I usually play every summer and on a different server. The last time I played on the new server was MerlisMT2. This time I introduced a captcha solver that has over 95% accuracy. I've a large dataset of captchas that aren't available in this repo because of the size. I also added a script to solve the Devil's Tower dungeon (no captcha solving needed there) and it works really well!